# tree

## Project setup

```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
yarn serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
yarn build
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
yarn lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

### Requirements

- Tree nodes with children should be collapsible
- If a tree node is selected, all child nodes should be implicitly selected, and disabled
- The nodes should be filterable by name, and for any node that matches the filter, all parent nodes should also be shown
- You don't have to match how the tree looks exactly, but the dropdown icon, checkbox and text label should align and child nodes should be indented
- Please use typescript with the "strict" setting set to true
- There is no need to load the data using XHR, you can just import it

### Assumptions

Data example:

```json
{
  "uuid": "3413435a-1bbf-447d-95e7-1ad0b361fcf1",
  "name": "Willms and Sons",
  "identifier": "1",
  "id": 225,
  "depth": 0,
  "children": []
}
```

Since the topmost data structure is an array, I'm going to assume that its not a tree but an array of trees.

I'm assuming that provided data structure is good enough to cover all/most of the features, therefore I'm not going to normalize it considering time constraints.

I'm assuming that both uuid and id are globally unique - both should be good to track objects. Im going to pick `id`.

I'm assuming that company names are generated by faker or a similar tool therefore are safe to share publicly.

Going to ignore defining project specific eslint/prettier and pre-commit hooks.

### Approach

I'm ignoring a11y guidelines.

I'm ignoring animations.

Going to create an mvp as soon as possible and iterate.

### Summary

There are 2 issues:

- the search is not yet complete,
- there are couple of edge cases that were not covered, example: selecting Parent node of an already selected Child node should either a) remove Child from the array of selected nodes or b) add all of the child nodes of selected node

My next steps would be to:

- write functions for traversing/searching the tree, and/or normalize the data,
- define computed properties for:
  - list of visible locations, filtered by activeQuery
  - resolving node state
- writing more unit tests
